Oh, boy, minnie. We're off on
an adventure to find lost treasure!
Ooh!
Priceless antiquities!
And ancient artifacts!
Ooh!
We'll find them all here
in the valley of the kings!
It's not exactly what I imagined.
Oh, it's not just burning hot sands,
deadly spiders and snakes.
But it's also filled with
tombs and mummies!
Tombs and mummies?
That sounds kind of spooky.
Ha! You'll see that there's
nothing to be afraid of
once we find king
ought-n-not-n's lost tomb.
Minnie, you found it!
Oh, Mickey, watch out for booby traps.
Aw, don't be silly.
There's no such thing as...
Oh.
Lost treasures!
Antiquities!
Ancient artifacts!
This place is amazing!
I have to find Mickey
and tell him he was right!
Um, minnie, where are you?
Minnie!
Ha! Birdie!
Minnie was right, this place is spooky!
I've got to find her!
Minnie.
Whew!
Whah!
Ho-ho! Didn't touch me.
Ooh! Mickey will love this.
Minnie!
Whew!
Whee!
Whoa!
The lost sarcophagus of ought-n-not-n!
I'm coming, minnie!
Minnie!
Mickey, I found you!
Mickey, you were right.
Look at all this treasure!
Oh, minnie, you're
the only treasure I need.
Excuse me.
Can I have my wrappings back?